the team of borussia dortmund takes
more and more contour of it could
the trailer of the bvb only
to convince
new entry sokratis also debuted in
team of j端rgen klopp like henrik
mkhitaryan the most expensive transfer of all
times for the bvb to him we will
a lot of joy says j端rgen
Klop and he immediately shows why
minute with italy
only with the preparation for
that's the man at borussia
dortmund usually that one too
Zero shoots with Italy feels that way
how to do that in the camp of
then hoped the black-yellow
seventeen minute and j端rgen klopp got
pointed out what he has to work on
Valentin stocker with too free kick
unencumbered bender conti stands
graze feller has no chance of
fc basel four times in a row swiss
Master equalizes 12 to 26 minutes of
ball comes over ribbons
mchitarjan
but you can
do
prepared for reus then completed
after the preparation of sahin with italy
immediately with two goals after 26
lewandowski was up to that
time to see little
then the 45 minutes the amount
possibility for poland he makes him
not pure j端rgen klopp changed almost
completely through
The break included windows
and he sent over $ 10 billion
other new from borussia dortmund
the journey upper man
one of the fastest players in europe
At the end of his studies, the man must
For 13 million of voices knows even
still work the thick chance for the
bvb then became basel stronger on basel
has changed by
we change
sometimes tender
here on the sidelines stood therefore counted
the hit of robert a
not then sometimes
on the other hand, there is no luck in this
situation for the bvb that was the 88
minutes to the chancellor of the unit
closing minutes
with the
Jonas Hofmann
really well overflows they ali
pushes the ball through the legs of
summer into dortmund wins at the end
3 to irritate